Adding `meta_desc` to blogs (first batch) (#1499)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/cloud-native-infrastructure-with-kubernetes-and-pulumi/index.md

title: "Cloud Native Infrastructure with Kubernetes and Pulumi"
authors: ["joe-duffy"]
tags: ["Kubernetes"]

> meta_desc: "Pulumi for Kubernetes is a way to create, deploy, and manage Kubernetes applications using your favorite programming languges. This works across AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, etc."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: "Pulumi for Kubernetes is a way to create, deploy, and manage Kubernetes applications using your favorite programming language and across AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, and native environments."
```
